(Samples) Transfer in (#231)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/automate-tasks-on-all-excel-files-in-folder.md

---

> title: 'Run a script on all Excel files in a folder'

Reviewer: I think this only works on one workbook. We should include the flow (that I assume is in the video) before publishing this. Otherwise, it's misleading. Happy to tackle that in a separate PR, if you can create the issue.

Author: Tracking with feature 4924924

description: 'Learn how to run a script on all the Excel files in a folder on OneDrive for Business.'
ms.date: 03/31/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Run a script on all Excel files in a folder

> This project performs a set of automation tasks on all files situated in a folder on OneDrive for Business (can also be used for SharePoint folder).

Reviewer: Let's make this two sentences.
```suggestion
This project performs a set of automation tasks on all files situated in a folder on OneDrive for Business. It could also be used in a SharePoint folder.
```

It performs calculations on the Excel files, adds formatting, and inserts a comment that [@mentions](https://support.microsoft.com/office/90701709-5dc1-41c7-aa48-b01d4a46e8c7) a colleague.

## Office Scripts sample code: Add formatting and insert comment

> Download the file <a href="https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs/blob/elizs-transfer-samples/docs/resources/samples/highlight-alert-excel-files.zip?raw=true">highlight-alert-excel-files.zip</a>, extract the files to a folder titled **Sales** used in this sample, and try it out yourself!

Reviewer: This is pointing to your branch.

Author: Yes, so that I can verify this works. I have a note to update to prod version before publishing.
